Upgrade process will update some files but these files also exist in custom/ folder. Please review the changes before continuing:
modules/Documents/views/view.edit.php => custom/modules/Documents/views/view.edit.php
modules/Documents/views/view.detail.php => custom/modules/Documents/views/view.detail.php
modules/Documents/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Documents/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Documents/metadata/popupdefs.php => custom/modules/Documents/metadata/popupdefs.php
modules/Documents/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Documents/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Documents/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Documents/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Documents/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Documents/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Documents/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Documents/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Documents/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/Documents/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/Project/views/view.edit.php => custom/modules/Project/views/view.edit.php
modules/Project/views/view.list.php => custom/modules/Project/views/view.list.php
modules/Project/views/view.detail.php => custom/modules/Project/views/view.detail.php
modules/Project/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Project/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Project/metadata/dashletviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Project/metadata/dashletviewdefs.php
modules/Project/metadata/popupdefs.php => custom/modules/Project/metadata/popupdefs.php
modules/Project/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Project/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Project/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Project/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Project/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Project/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Project/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Project/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Project/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/Project/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/Project/language/en_us.lang.php => custom/modules/Project/language/en_us.lang.php
modules/Emails/views/view.edit.php => custom/modules/Emails/views/view.edit.php
modules/Emails/views/view.list.php => custom/modules/Emails/views/view.list.php
modules/Emails/views/view.detail.php => custom/modules/Emails/views/view.detail.php
modules/Emails/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Emails/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Emails/metadata/dashletviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Emails/metadata/dashletviewdefs.php
modules/Emails/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Emails/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Emails/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Emails/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Emails/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Emails/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/ProspectLists/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/ProspectLists/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/ProspectLists/metadata/popupdefs.php => custom/modules/ProspectLists/metadata/popupdefs.php
modules/ProspectLists/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/ProspectLists/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/ProspectLists/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/ProspectLists/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/ProspectLists/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/ProspectLists/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/ProspectLists/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/ProspectLists/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Accounts/views/view.edit.php => custom/modules/Accounts/views/view.edit.php
modules/Accounts/views/view.list.php => custom/modules/Accounts/views/view.list.php
modules/Accounts/views/view.detail.php => custom/modules/Accounts/views/view.detail.php
modules/Accounts/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Accounts/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Accounts/metadata/popupdefs.php => custom/modules/Accounts/metadata/popupdefs.php
modules/Accounts/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Accounts/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Accounts/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Accounts/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Accounts/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Accounts/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Accounts/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Accounts/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Accounts/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/Accounts/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/Meetings/views/view.edit.php => custom/modules/Meetings/views/view.edit.php
modules/Meetings/views/view.list.php => custom/modules/Meetings/views/view.list.php
modules/Meetings/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Meetings/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Meetings/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Meetings/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Meetings/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Meetings/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Meetings/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Meetings/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Meetings/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Meetings/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Meetings/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/Meetings/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/Home/dashlets.php => custom/modules/Home/dashlets.php
modules/Calls/views/view.edit.php => custom/modules/Calls/views/view.edit.php
modules/Calls/views/view.list.php => custom/modules/Calls/views/view.list.php
modules/Calls/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Calls/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Calls/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Calls/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Calls/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Calls/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Calls/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Calls/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Calls/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Calls/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Calls/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/Calls/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/dashletviewdefs.php => custom/modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/dashletviewdefs.php
modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/popupdefs.php => custom/modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/popupdefs.php
modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/FP_Event_Locations/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/Leads/views/view.edit.php => custom/modules/Leads/views/view.edit.php
modules/Leads/views/view.list.php => custom/modules/Leads/views/view.list.php
modules/Leads/views/view.detail.php => custom/modules/Leads/views/view.detail.php
modules/Leads/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Leads/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Leads/metadata/popupdefs.php => custom/modules/Leads/metadata/popupdefs.php
modules/Leads/metadata/convertdefs.php => custom/modules/Leads/metadata/convertdefs.php
modules/Leads/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Leads/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Leads/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Leads/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Leads/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/Leads/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/Tasks/views/view.edit.php => custom/modules/Tasks/views/view.edit.php
modules/Tasks/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Tasks/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Tasks/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Tasks/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Tasks/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Tasks/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Tasks/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Tasks/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Tasks/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Tasks/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Tasks/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/Tasks/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/ProjectTask/views/view.list.php => custom/modules/ProjectTask/views/view.list.php
modules/ProjectTask/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/ProjectTask/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/ProjectTask/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/ProjectTask/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/ProjectTask/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/ProjectTask/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/ProjectTask/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/ProjectTask/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/ProjectTask/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/ProjectTask/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Contacts/views/view.edit.php => custom/modules/Contacts/views/view.edit.php
modules/Contacts/views/view.list.php => custom/modules/Contacts/views/view.list.php
modules/Contacts/views/view.detail.php => custom/modules/Contacts/views/view.detail.php
modules/Contacts/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Contacts/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Contacts/metadata/popupdefs.php => custom/modules/Contacts/metadata/popupdefs.php
modules/Contacts/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Contacts/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Contacts/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Contacts/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Contacts/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Contacts/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Contacts/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/Contacts/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/Contacts/controller.php => custom/modules/Contacts/controller.php
modules/Contacts/language/en_us.lang.php => custom/modules/Contacts/language/en_us.lang.php
modules/Schedulers/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Schedulers/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Schedulers/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Schedulers/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Schedulers/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Schedulers/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Schedulers/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Schedulers/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Notes/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Notes/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Notes/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Notes/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Notes/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Notes/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Notes/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Notes/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Notes/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Notes/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Notes/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/Notes/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/Campaigns/views/view.detail.php => custom/modules/Campaigns/views/view.detail.php
modules/Campaigns/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Campaigns/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Campaigns/metadata/popupdefs.php => custom/modules/Campaigns/metadata/popupdefs.php
modules/Campaigns/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Campaigns/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Campaigns/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Campaigns/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Campaigns/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Campaigns/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Campaigns/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Campaigns/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Opportunities/views/view.edit.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/views/view.edit.php
modules/Opportunities/views/view.list.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/views/view.list.php
modules/Opportunities/views/view.detail.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/views/view.detail.php
modules/Opportunities/metadata/editviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/metadata/editviewdefs.php
modules/Opportunities/metadata/popupdefs.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/metadata/popupdefs.php
modules/Opportunities/metadata/SearchFields.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/metadata/SearchFields.php
modules/Opportunities/metadata/detailviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/metadata/detailviewdefs.php
modules/Opportunities/metadata/searchdefs.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/metadata/searchdefs.php
modules/Opportunities/metadata/listviewdefs.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/metadata/listviewdefs.php
modules/Opportunities/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/metadata/quickcreatedefs.php
modules/Opportunities/language/en_us.lang.php => custom/modules/Opportunities/language/en_us.lang.php
include/language/en_us.lang.php => custom/include/language/en_us.lang.php
include/tabConfig.php => custom/include/tabConfig.php
themes/SuiteP/tpls/_headerModuleList.tpl => custom/themes/SuiteP/tpls/_headerModuleList.tpl
